# ASIGNMENT-8
8
Assignment-08  Describe the methodology to be followed when creating a document using illustrator. 
 
In order to ensure a job well done and to avoid oversights, it is necessary to respect  the following steps constituting the minimum methodology to be applied to your  achievements.  Information gathering  Depending on the mandate, gather information by searching as completely as  possible. First, make sure you understand what the mandate is and detail  everything that should be included in the montage. Then see what happens in such  cases. Search the Internet or elsewhere to find out about trends and different ways  of doing things.  Grids and mockups  Define layout grids and produce a mock up using alt text and dummy images to  preview what the final cut will look like. It is better to work with models before  integrating the final content, the former being easier to modify. You will save a lot  of time by doing this.  Models/templates  First, create the recurring elements of the pages such as the folio or certain  ornaments. It will be a good idea to place these elements in an independent layer  that you will lock to avoid any errors. You will also take the opportunity to  
correctly configure your document by choosing the Document Format option in the  File menu. You will also define your character and paragraph styles.  Preparation of images  You will work with your raster images in Photoshop, making sure to use the  correct size, resolution, and color profile. You will need to choose whether or not  to embed your images in the document. If you don’t, be sure to do Document  Collation. Otherwise, the images will be missing from your montage when printed.  Proof  When your edit is complete, be sure to preview the overlay and view the Proof  Colors (if the edit is intended for printing).Assembly  Located in the File menu, this option allows you to group together in a single  folder all the elements of the assembly to be printed (texts, images, Illustrator file,  fonts and report). Stitching is absolutely necessary if you have not incorporated  your images (links) into the document.  Save as...  Although we usually save the document in Adobe Illustrator(.ai) format, there are  times when we need to choose other formats. The save as option allows you to  save in formats: AI, EPS, AIT, PDF, FXG, SVG and SVGZ.  
